MSGBOX - a Message box utility for batch files
Copyright 2000-2005 by Douglas Good
Outside The Box Software
http://www.otbsw.com
This program is copyrighted freeware and may not be sold without express permission of the author.

This program allows you to display text in a messagebox from a batch file.
You can choose the type of icon to display, as well as your message text
and the messagebox title.  You can even have the user answer a question,
and use the result of their answer in your batch file.

For more specific information, issue the command MSGBOX /?.

This is a 32 bit console mode program, and it will only run from a Windows
9x/NT/XP command prompt.  It will not work in pure DOS mode.

Use at your own risk, I assume no responsibility for this program, or any
damages caused by your use, misuse, or failure to use it.

Contact me with any problems, suggestions, etc at:
otbsoft@comcast.net
dgood@psea.org

--Doug Good

REVISION HISTORY

version 2.1  - December 13th, 2003
	- Added a timer so that you can display a message for a certain amount of time
	  and then remove it from the screen without user's intervention.
	  This was made to allow completely automated scripts and batch files.
	  If you omit the amount of time, there is no timeout whatsoever.
      Thanks to Pierre-Jean Douillard for taking the time to code this much requested feature!

Version 2.0  - May 20, 2002
	- Added the ability to have the message displayed from a text file,
          rather than as input from the command line. If the message parameter
          starts with "@" and is followed by a valid filename (i.e. @C:\README.TXT)
          the file will be read and used as the message.
        - Made the Title text optional.  If nothing is specified on the command line,
          then the title text will be blank. NOTE: you will need to specify the title
          text as " " (a space in quotes) if you want to leave it blank and still use
          the Icon and Button parameters, like so:  Msgbox "Your message here" " " 1 3
 	- KNOWN ISSUE: Due to the limitation of the Windows Messagebox function, if you specify
          a message in a text file that is too long, the message box will run off the bottom of
	  the screen, eliminating the buttons from view.  Press ENTER or SPACE to close the message
          box in this case.  Be sure to use short text files in message boxes, and consider that screen
          resolution is a major factor in just how many lines can be displayed properly. (ie 640x480 will
	  show only about half the lines that 1024x768 will allow)

Version 1.0 - Initial Release